if you have any questions at all you'd
like to ask don't hesitate to ask how
did you start your Calvin intial how do
I start my Carol Burnett Show well I
just asked to be on the air and CBS was
so nice they said okay are you gonna be
on there season
uh yes unless you I'm like yes unless
you know something I don't
earlier later what here sometimes that
policy sometimes you fall asleep during
our show how do you get to the ladies
room
so do they use to clean the floor
I think that's a little personal
you want tell the lady what it is do you
have a vinyl floor at home you want to
clean is at it yeah where is it in the
bathroom or the kitchen all over you
have vinyl all over your house
get on the floor
for me do you inherit your gorgeous legs
from what do you shoot thing who did I
inherit my gorgeous lace row why you how
are you merci you little devil have you
ever thought in terms of an older woman
Farrah Fawcett
Maya's foxy is Farrah Fawcett can you
look at me and ask that who is Farrah
Fawcett yes Cher and I have the same
body
is this a repeat show
what sets me off laughing when I look
back in that direction if you'd all turn
around back there see those glass
partitions that's the booth and what
makes me laugh
they're all drunk
silence hey could you answer me
something what do they wear under the
kilt sure Lucy after the show
yes knoweth all your old clothes are you
asking for yourself sir you like to wear
this right now come on up
nice person he ever worked with Harvey
what mitch is so sweet what makes me so
sweet
yes my first kiss yes I do well it was
from a dog
Tarzan yell you want me to do my Tarzan
yell alright okay I just shaved my chest
now I had it when I came in
Oh
do that Farah
you